Update CLI doc (#25301)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/automate-training-with-cli.md

mlnet classification --dataset "yelp_labelled.txt" --label-col 1 --has-header false --train-time 10
```

> There is also a command where you can train using an `mbconfig` file. The `mbconfig` file gets created when starting a Model Builder session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a command where you can train using an *mbconfig* file. The *mbconfig* file is created when you start a Model Builder session.
```

The ML task commands in the CLI generate the following assets in the output folder:

- C# solution with:
  - A console app to run/score the generated model (to make predictions in your end-user apps with that model).
  - A console app with the training code used to generate that model (for learning purposes or model retraining).

>     - This also include the serialized model .zip ("best model") ready to use for running predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This serialized model ("best model") is also provided as a compressed *.zip* file that's ready to use for running predictions.
```

> - Log file with information of all iterations/sweeps across the multiple algorithms evaluated, including their detailed configuration/pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log file with information of all iterations/sweeps across the multiple algorithms evaluated, including their detailed configuration/pipeline.
- An *mbconfig* file, which contains configuration data that lets you open the model in Model Builder.
```
